Adds Nautobot and Nautobot Web Roles (#49)
nautobot/nautobot-ansible: docs/roles/install_nautobot.rst

Nautobot Ansible Install Nautobot Notes
=======================================

Supported and Tested OSs
------------------------

> The following OS’s are tested/supported. The support is expected to line

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following OSs are tested/supported. The support is expected to line
```

This setup in the example playbook requires additional roles to be installed:

* geerlingguy.repo-epel (For RHEL deployments)
* geerlingguy.redis
* geerlingguy.postgresql

You may omit the use of these if you are setting up the Redis and Postgres Databases on your own. These are used within the example play to take a server from nothing installed to a complete installation.

Included Roles
--------------

There are two roles included, nautobot_install and nautobot_web. `nautobot_install` will install the application only, with no specific web server. The web application will still have pyuwsgi installed, which will respond to HTTP requests (not HTTPS today).  

The `nautobot_install` role will create a new user (nautobot), and install the package using PIP. This follows along what is in the 1.0 release notes for installation found on https://nautobot.readthedocs.io.

`nautobot_web` installs NGINX as a reverse proxy and sets up HTTP/HTTPS listeners. This is in line with having a web server as defined on the 1.0 install notes. This role will also generate a self signed certificate by default. Check the defaults and required fields below.

Required Variables
------------------

> The variables required need to be defined in the inventory or the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The variables required to be defined in the inventory or the
```

|                                          |          | when one       |
|                                          |          | exists         |
|                                          |          | already.       |
+------------------------------------------+----------+----------------+
| nautobot_http_port                       | “80”     | HTTP port to   |
|                                          |          | listen on      |
+------------------------------------------+----------+----------------+
| nautobot_https_port                      | “443”    | HTTPS port to  |
|                                          |          | listen on      |
+------------------------------------------+----------+----------------+

Gathered Variables in Playbook
------------------------------

These are the variables that are defined in the playbook execution.
These should be set if running your own playbook with the roles that are
provided.

+------------------------------+--------------+-----------------------+
| Variable Name                | Default      | Description           |
+==============================+==============+=======================+

> | os_family                    | ansible      | lower                 |

Reviewer 2: description should be updated to read "lower case name of os family/distribution redhat or debian
